Welcome to your first challenge.
Task number one was to create a new project using the spring initialize order that has the following
attributes.
So first thing I to do is go to start spring IO.
We're going to create a Maven project using the Java programming language.
The version of Spring Boot we're going to use, or the one that you should choose, is the latest stable
version.
As of this recording, it's 2.7.0.
The group ID will be learned the parts artifact ID painting.
We're going to choose the default packaging type jar.
Choose a Java version that matches the one you have installed.
I'm using Java 11 for dependencies.
We're going to be using Spring Web.
As well as spring boot def tools.
And generate your project.
I will show in Finder if you're using Windows Show and File Explorer, whatever it's called.
Unzip the package and open it using IntelliJ.
So here, I'll go file open.
And I will open my painting project.
Okay.
Task number three is inside of the starter folder.
There are two paintings of Mona Lisa and Salvator Mundi, so we're going to drag these into our project.
So if you are to follow this path, go to Intro to Spring Boot Challenge Starter.
There are the images.
We're going to drag them into our static folder.
So here, I'll create a folder called Images.
And I will place the images here.
Okay.
Task number four is using the HTML cheat sheet to create a header element that displays Da Vinci artwork.
Another image element that displays the Mona Lisa Salvator mundi, giving each image a width of 200
OC.
What I'm going to do is start by creating an HTML file.
So under static I'll say new HTML file and we'll call it index.
It's really important that you get the naming right and this is going to show up under images, which
doesn't make any sense.
I'm going to drag this out into resources.
Source slash, main slash resources.
And we're going to put this under static.
Much better.
Okay.
So inside of our HTML body, let me just call this something like paintings.
And inside of our HTML body, we have to display a header that displays Da Vinci artwork.
Let me grab.
So anything from H 1 to 6 is a header.
We're going to display a header using the H one element and it's going to say Da Vinci artwork.
Let me just copy and paste it.
Then I need to create two image elements Mona Lisa and Salvator Mundi.
You can create an image using the following syntax.
So inside of this image element, you would specify a source attribute which contains the path to the
image you want to display, and the path will start from your static folder.
And in case your image doesn't show, you can provide an alternative text description.
So over here we will create an image with the following attribute.
The path starts from static so we can say slash images.
The image we will display first is Mona Lisa.
JPEG and in case the image doesn't show, will provide an alternative text description of Mona Lisa.
The next image we're going to so show is the Salvator mundi.
We'll give that a text description as well.
And we also have to give each one a width of 200.
That should be it.
What I can do now is spin up a new terminal.
And compile my code.
Now it's really important.
If you want Liv, reload to work.
That in your settings.
You have this checked?
As well as the following.
Build project automatically.
Sweet.
We're making good progress.
All right.
Task number five is to place each painting in a block level container.
And a block level container is one that takes up the entire width.
Div is a block level container that can group html elements.
So what we'll do is place each image inside of a div.
This container will take up the entire width.
So the div that follows is going to start on a new line.
All right, let's refresh live.
Reload is a bit slow on IntelliJ and never mind, I stand corrected.
OC.
Task number six using the HTML cheat sheet display the following text under each image and to display
text you can use the handy paragraph element.
Conveniently, this is a block level element, which means each text will take up the whole width,
which is exactly what we need for this task.
I should paste the text instead.
We'll display the Salvator mundi here.
All right, refresh.
Looking at.
Task number seven, using the cheat sheet placed the text inside of an inline element.
So because the paragraph tag is block level, it takes up the whole width.
But if we place the text inside of a span, which is an inline container, it's simply going to wrap
around our text.
So here we'll place this inside of a span.
This as well.
It's going to take a few refreshes.
And there you go.
The span container wraps around whatever content is inside of it.
I think that should be all.
And indeed it is.
Now, this course is focused on back end development.
We don't really care about HTML.
This would fall into the realm of a front end developer's job.
However, throughout this course, as we use the leaf, we are going to have to work around HTML so
it doesn't hurt to be a little familiar with it.
And I hope this challenge was a good opportunity for you to get familiar with the cheat sheet.
That is all for this section.
I will see you in the next section.
Model View Controller.